[docs] fix typos in docs (#2003)
jump-dev/MathOptInterface.jl: docs/src/tutorials/implementing.md

subtype of [`AbstractModelAttribute`](@ref), [`AbstractOptimizerAttribute`](@ref),
[`AbstractVariableAttribute`](@ref), or [`AbstractConstraintAttribute`](@ref).

> For example, Gurobi.jl adds attributes for multi-objective optimization by

Reviewer: Not sure about this one, @xgandibleux seems to use `multiobjective` in vOptSolver, vOptGeneric, ...

Reviewer 2: Both are used but multiobjective, multicriteria, nondominated are prefered to multi-objective, multi-criteria, non-dominated.

Reviewer: Thanks for confirming

> For example, Gurobi.jl adds attributes for multi-objective optimization by

Author: ```suggestion
For example, Gurobi.jl adds attributes for multiobjective optimization by
```
